# Advance

The program consists of seven classes. The first class is called UserInfo. It contains basic and common information variables for each employee, such as name, age, ID, number of hours, and hourly rate. It contains getter, setter, and constructor to pass information.
The second class represents the Director. He inherited the Useranfo class and created an Array Object from the Manager and Staff classes. He created a function to add the manager and a function to add the staff responsible for them, and there was a constructor to pass data with variables.
The third class, which is the Manager class, also inherited the Userranfo class and created an Arrival Object from the Staff class, and then created a function to add the Staff and Getter function.
The fourth class, the Staff class, inherited UserInfo and created a constructor to pass the data
The fifth class, which is the report class, contains two functions. The first calculates the budget by multiplying the hourly rate by the number of hours, and the second function displays the employees who are under the management of a specific manager or director.
The sixth and seventh classes, which are Fake Databases and Connection, store data on a regular basis, where the Connection class is used to establish a connection with the user and retrieve information, where an object is created that is the caller, a function that makes the connection, and a getter function.
As for the Vic Database class, it stores users and manages connections. It contains objects of the UserInfo type, objects of the Connect type, Function that adds users to the database, and Function that opens a connection with users. If a connection has been opened with the same user previously, it will reuse the existing connection, otherwise a connection will be created. new .
